Updates for 0.12.3 release (#87)
learningequality/kolibri-docs: docs/install/_linux.rst

    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install kolibri

kolibri-server (pre-release)
****************************

We are finalizing the release of an optimized version of Kolibri for Linux systems called **kolibri-server**. This version is recommended for:

* Clear server-client setup for implementations with many client devices
* When the server device has more than one CPU core

**kolibri-server** has some specific features like **static content cache** and **optimized usage of the CPU processing power** in multi core devices. Typical use case would be a *Raspberry Pi 3+* device with 4 CPU cores, which will perform much better and faster with **kolibri-server** compared to base Kolibri.

To install **kolibri-server** follow these steps.

#. Run these commands in the Terminal:

	.. code-block:: bash

		sudo apt-get install software-properties-common python-software-properties
		sudo add-apt-repository ppa:learningequality/kolibri-proposed
		sudo apt-get update

> 		sudo apt-get install kolibri-server

Reviewer: I think we should add a warning that this also switches the setup to use the latest built Kolibri pre-release?

Author: Righto, will add! :+1:

Reviewer: Have added a suggestion for a re-location of this and a different heading further up. Basically, I don't think that `kolibri-server (pre-release)` is a very telling name :)

    sudo apt-get update
    sudo apt-get install kolibri

Uninstall
*********
From the command line: ``sudo apt-get remove kolibri``.

Upgrade
*******

When you use the PPA installation method, upgrades to newer versions will be automatic, provided there is internet access available.

> 

Author: @jredrejo @benjaoming Do you think this location is the best for documenting ``kolibri-server``? it is a bit _hidden_ in the TOC, which might not be bad, given that it is still a pre-release...

Another thing to decide is if we want to add more detailed instructions as requested in #79.

Reviewer: Great point, yes, it will end up too hidden. As I might have mentioned before, I would like if we worked on a tutorial similar to the Raspberry Pi tutorial, perhaps unifying some concepts later on. I think the tutorial could be called "Class-room servers". _That's only for the long run_.

I think that same title could work well in the install sub-TOC directly below all the other items. It will have to mention loud and clear that it's only available on Debian/Ubuntu.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/374612/57362867-011de600-7180-11e9-93e8-ca2f61cb80a7.png)

I'd suggest to create a new file `install/_server.rst` ?

```
Classroom servers
-----------------

.. tip: Using ``kolibri-server`` on a CPU with 4 cores means serving up to 4x as many users as you would on a regular Kolibri. This is because it adds a configuration to the system that runs many Kolibri workers in parallel.

Kolibri can be optimized further, and we recommend to do so. **This method is only available for Debian/Ubuntu** platforms, and you can find slightly more elaborated instructions for Raspberrry Pi [link].

As an addition to the main Kolibri packages, you can install ``kolibri-server``, a package for Debian/ubuntu systems that contain the configurations necessary to serve Kolibri in an optimized fashion for CPUs with several cores.

.. warming: This is a new distribution package introduced
```

****************************

We are finalizing the release of an optimized version of Kolibri for Linux systems called **kolibri-server**. This version is recommended for:

* Clear server-client setup for implementations with many client devices
* When the server device has more than one CPU core

**kolibri-server** has some specific features like **static content cache** and **optimized usage of the CPU processing power** in multi core devices. Typical use case would be a *Raspberry Pi 3+* device with 4 CPU cores, which will perform much better and faster with **kolibri-server** compared to base Kolibri.

To install **kolibri-server** follow these steps.

#. Run these commands in the Terminal:

	.. code-block:: bash

		sudo apt-get install software-properties-common python-software-properties
		sudo add-apt-repository ppa:learningequality/kolibri-proposed
		sudo apt-get update
		sudo apt-get install kolibri-server

   During the installation you will be offered the option to choose the port (8000, 80 or leave the default 8080).

#. Restart the system.

.. warning:: * Be advised that this procedure also switches the setup to use the latest built Kolibri pre-release.

> 	* Keep in mind that the **kolibri-server** system performance will depend not only on server device features, but on local WiFi access point characteristics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
	* Keep in mind that Kolibri's performance in a user's browser will depend not only on server capacity and load, but also on the speed and capacity of the local network, for example your local WiFi access point.
```

I think we could consider linking to the system requirements section and expand it with some facts about kolibri-server as we go along :)
